Yesterday
A serious traffic accident occurred on Fuhai Road
Dead is burned sweet day retro deep
He was all burned
It can't be silenced, can it?
I know the police have ruled out homicide
Thunder is the reason for the traffic accident
But this woman bit to death and said I appointed it.
The other party must have given him a lot of money
Don't tell the truth until you die
Then it's dead
It's even more difficult for you to welcome the previous reinforcements
Ah hey
Do you know what Brother Long is doing now?
He's kissing me at the racecourse
I'm pissed off.
I went looking for them and got kicked out
You see
Prenatal education at night
It's true to fall in love during the day
What are you eating? Such a strong perfume.
I haven't just gotten out of the sweet bed
What's the matter? Silent today
Nothing.
Haven't you always thought I was ugly?
Hey no
Who provoked you?
Get so angry
This is you.
Bad for my child
Stop playing, stop playing and sleep
sleep
If a normal twitter
Talk endlessly
And he teases you and the people who argue with you at every turn
Suddenly silent
Bored like a bad guy where is it
What's going on?
That must be angry
Inexplicably angry
How could I care about this?
Who cares that you are used to bah
redo
If you don't do it well in the next second, stop for me
Don't talk nonsense
Hey
president
How can you, a woman, be angry? It's easy to coax
A small gift, a candlelight dinner
Madam's money may be gone
Madam just went to the cafeteria for dinner
Do you want to be angry?
Do you think I need to let you
Teach me to coax
A woman who doesn't take care of her at all?
Well, President, I'm leaving first.
Wait a minute.
It's lunch time.
Did you accompany me?